EXPANDR-8024: Additional Azure Remediation Bug Fix and Improvements (#33039)
demisto/content: Packs/Azure-Enrichment-Remediation/ReleaseNotes/1_1_14.md

#### Playbooks

##### Azure - Network Security Group Remediation

> - Added the *instance_name* optional playbook input to allow user to specify Azure Network Security Groups integration instance to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the *instance_name* optional playbook input to allow users to specify an Azure Network Security Groups integration instance to use.
```
